Update test script (#502)
ruby/gem_rbs_collection: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

Specify the _major_ and _minor_ version you are using would be great for most cases.

> We recommend adding `_test`, and `_src` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend adding `_test` and `_src` directories.
```

You can test your code with the following steps.

> 1. Write a Ruby program which uses the gem code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write a Ruby program which uses the gem code.
```

> 2. Execute `bin/test gems/GEM_NAME/VERSION` to run test test suites.
>    * It executes `rbs validate` and `steep check`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Execute `bin/test gems/GEM_NAME/VERSION` to run the test suites, including `rbs validate` and `steep check`.
```
